# other-stuff
#1
Comrade, Steel production is down, I said, comrade, you must sleep on the ground I said, comrade, in a Soviet town There's no need to be unhappy Comrade, there's a place you can go I said, comrade, where there's 4 feet of snow You can stay there, and I'm sure you will find Many ways to share the wealth It's fun to stay at the USSR It's fun to stay at the USSR They have everything for gopniks to enjoy You can hang the bourgeoisie It's fun to stay at the USSR It's fun to stay at the USSR You can get some turnips, you can have good rations You can do what we say you can Comrade, are you feeling pissed? I said, comrade, hang the capitalists I said, comrade, you can Make it come true But you got to know this one thing No man does it all by himself I said, comrade, put your property on shelf And just go there, to the USSR I'm sure they can help you today It's fun to stay at the USSR It's fun to stay at the USSR They have everything for gopniks to enjoy You can hang the bourgeoisie It's fun to stay at the USSR It's fun to stay at the USSR You can get some turnips, you can have good rations You can do what we say you can Comrade, I was once in your boots I said comrade, there were west spies to shoot I felt no man cared if I were in gulag I felt the whole world was filled with capitalists That's when someone came up to me And said, comrade, take a march up the street There's a place there called the USSR They can start you back on your way It's fun to stay at the USSR It's fun to stay at the USSR They have everything for gopniks to enjoy You can hang the bourgeoisie USSR you'll find it at the USSR Comrade, Comrade, steel production is down Comrade, Comrade, you must sleep on the ground USSR, it's fun to stay at the USSR Comrade, Comrade, are you listening to me Comrade, Comrade, those pigs will hang from the trees USSR, you'll find it USSR No man, comrade, does it all by himself Comrade, Comrade, put your property on shelf USSR, and just go to the USSR Comrade, Comrade I was once in your boots Comrade, Comrade There were west spies to shoot, USSR

#2
Comrade, pick up your shovel and hoe, I said, comrade, go harvest potatoes, I said, comrade, I don’t care if there’s snow we will build a new town for glory of motherland.  Comrade, you must do as you’re told I said, comrade, or you’re going to be cold. You must stay here, besides I'm sure you will find Many ways to have a good time.  It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R. It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R.  We have everything here do not give me that glare, You can wrestle with lots of bears ...  It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R. It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R.  You give tank thorough clean, then you eat your bear meat, but don’t do whatever you feel...  Comrade, we are in a space race I said, comrade, with united states I said, comrade, we will rub it in their face. when we get in-to orbit first  Comrade, get your rations and go I said, comrade, make your way to Moscow And just go there, to the U.S.S.R. I'm sure they might help you some day.  It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R. It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R.  We have everything here do not give me your stare, You could wrestle with yet another bear …?  It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R. It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R.  You give tank a good clean, then you eat your bear meat, please don’t do whatever you feel ...  Comrade, steel production is down. I said comrade, you must sleep on the ground you must stay there. unless you start to kill more bear  In the navy, service is mandatory in the navy, you do it for glory, and you like it!  No you shan’t leave too soon!  It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R. It's fun to stay at the U.S.S.R.  We’ve run out of vodka, there is nothing much here Guess we could start drinking beer…  U.S.S.R….you'll find it at the U.S.S.R.  Comrade, comrade, there's reason to feel down. Comrade, comrade, but we must get off of ground.  U.S.S.R….just go to the U.S.S.R  Comrade, are you listening to me? Comrade, Don’t take piss out of me 
